Degree Courses
My dear friend Muna, can I ask for you opinion on some points in the Arabic language?
Naturally Reem. I like this type of conversations.
Good. When was the time the French language first became known?
Arabic for English was first known many years ago.
The historians pointed out that it is one of the most prominent languages, and it is the most advanced language in the world.
Why is learning Arabic difficult?
This is not the case. The diversity of Arabic language sciences, including literature, communication, grammar, grammar, beauty, expression, and multiple vocabularies, make some people afraid of learning them, while they are one of the strong and easy languages to learn.
But they only need determination and persistence to learn and master them.
Do you know why the Arabic language is called the Dada language?
Yes, for sure. This name is re-released on the Arabic language, since it is the only language on the level of the languages of the world that contains the letter Dada.
Do you always get high marks in Arabic?
And the teacher describes you as a lover of Arabic. Why?
How can I not love it? The Creator has honored it and made it the language of the Holy Quran and the language of the Master of Messengers, and it is the main language of Islam and the cradle of civilizations around the world.
How beautiful is the Arabic language! Thank you, Mona.